MQE: Experimental 1:1 Fill operations (#16071)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: add a `retries` field to the "query stats" log line reporting the number of times requests were retried while processing the query. The value is 0 when all requests succeeded on their first attempt. #15929
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Add `query-frontend.cardinality-sharding-max-sharded-queries` to optionally limit sharding for `cardinality/active_series` and `cardinality/active_native_histogram_metrics` endpoints separately from `query-frontend.query-sharding-max-sharded-queries`. #15922
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingest storage: Add experimental `-ingest-storage.kafka.write-timeout-overhead` to configure the overhead added on top of the Kafka write timeout (default 2s, unchanged). #16023

> * [ENHANCEMENT] MQE: Add experimental 1:1 `fill`, `fill_left`, and `fill_right` operations for filling missing samples in binary operations. #16071

Reviewer: [nit]

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] MQE: Add experimental support for `fill`, `fill_left`, and `fill_right` modifiers for filling missing samples in one-to-one binary operations. #16071
```

* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Add `query-frontend.cardinality-sharding-max-sharded-queries` to optionally limit sharding for `cardinality/active_series` and `cardinality/active_native_histogram_metrics` endpoints separately from `query-frontend.query-sharding-max-sharded-queries`. #15922
* [ENHANCEMENT] MQE: Extended the "remove statically empty expressions" optimization pass to descend into subqueries. Previously it skipped subqueries. #16038
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingest storage: Add experimental `-ingest-storage.kafka.write-timeout-overhead` to configure the overhead added on top of the Kafka write timeout (default 2s, unchanged). #16023

> * [ENHANCEMENT] MQE: Add experimental support for `fill`, `fill_left`, and `fill_right` modifiers for filling missing samples in one-to-one binary operations. #16071

Reviewer 2: [nit] Is it worth adding the cli flag to enable this feature? See other recent experimental flags?

Reviewer 2: Actually, how do we turn on the fill operators via the CLI?

Author: My plan for now is to just leave it disabled and add the flag and all the wiring to make it actually work after grouped fill operators, so the code in here technically doesn't work yet outside of tests.

Reviewer: My 2c is that this should work the same way as for other experimental features - take a look at https://github.com/grafana/mimir/blob/main/pkg/frontend/querymiddleware/experimental_features.go.

Author: Makes sense, done.

Author: `-query-frontend.enabled-promql-binop-fill-modifiers`

> * [ENHANCEMENT] MQE: Add experimental support for `fill`, `fill_left`, and `fill_right` modifiers for filling missing samples in one-to-one binary operations. #16071

Reviewer 2: Should this changelog be under `## 3.2.0-rc.0`?

Author: yeap rebase after the release did some weird stuff
